Table Panel: Add documentation for apply to row (#84786)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels-visualizations/visualizations/table/index.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/color-background.png" max-width="500px" caption="Color background" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

> Toggle the **Apply to entire row** switch, to apply the background color configured for the cell to the whole row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle the **Apply to entire row** switch, to apply the background color that's configured for the cell to the whole row.
```

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/color-background.png" max-width="500px" caption="Color background" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

> By selecting the **Apply to entire row** option, the entire row will be colored with the background color configured for this cell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Toggle the **Apply to entire row** switch, to apply the background color configured for the cell to the whole row.
```

> {{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/apply-to-row.png" max-width="500px" caption="Apply to entire row" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

Reviewer: I don't think we need the image of the setting since we don't generally do that. If you want to show an image, I'd say let's do that in the What's new entry.

```suggestion
```

Author: Makes sense to me!

> {{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/apply-to-row.png" max-width="500px" caption="Apply to entire row" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
> 
> {{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/colored-rows.png" max-width="500px" caption="Colored row background" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

Reviewer: We don't require captions but we do require alt text, so just swapping that property

```suggestion
{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/apply-to-row.png" max-width="500px" alt="Apply to entire row" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/tables/colored-rows.png" max-width="500px" caption="Colored row background" class="docs-image--no-shadow" >}}
```

Author: Ahhh, that makes a lot of sense. I lifted it from elsewhere 😅
